Creator: Liam/LoPV



Controls:
WASD or Arrow Keys - Movement (Including ledge jumping up/down!)
Z or S - Interact/Select
X or ESC - Cancel
ALT + ENTER - Fullscreen



General Information: The Lisa Core Movement script that this game is built to show
off took an entire month of work to make, and this game took about a week and half
to make. It's relatively short; you will probably beat it in less than half an hour.
This game shows off all the major features of the Lisa Core Movement Script
as well as some of the things that are made possible by it. This tech demo is
intended to show what the script does, why you would want to use it, and
how to use it properly. Enjoy!



Important Notes (for Developers):
First- This game is intended to be played from IN THE RPGMAKER PROJECT. This is
so you can go to each room, explore it, and then check how the room was made in
the engine. There is a save file in each room because of this. If you are just
a player of Lisa-style games and you want to see what the future will look like,
then you don't need to do this. Developers, however should either open the
game through the project on the first runthrough, or play the game fully once
"normally" and then again looking at it through the project.

Second- There is a key item that teleports you to the debug room given to you
by a strange unshaded creature in the top left corner of the first map
(used the debug-walk with the CTRL key to get there). The debug room has some
testing tools set up, and has teleports to every map in the game.

Third- In the top left of each map is an event that contains a bunch of comments about
the purpose of each map, and some insight into how different mechanics and features
on the map were implemented. I reccommend reading them, if you are a developer.

Fourth - Contained in the files is a version of the Lisa Core Movement script
that has more "standard" settings to start off with then the version
of the script used for this game. **THIS VERSION MAY NOT BE FULLY UPDATED**, however,
because I'm not going to go back and update this game's folder files when I update
the script. To get the most recent version, please see the "Other" section
down below.

Fifth - There are 2 other scripts that I also made for this game:
"Lisa NPC Talk Options" and "ATS Message Options Lisa Addon", which are
2 dialogue/talking based scripts. Check them out in the scripts section of
the project file if you are interested in those. To get the most recent version(s),
please see the "Other" section down below.



Other:
If you want have questions or concerns with the lisa core movement script, and if you
want to stay updated on the newest versions of the script, and especially
if you find bugs in the script, then feel free to join my
scripting-focused server on Discord:  https://discord.gg/JgaBenr

Note- Please only join it if you are either a RPGMaker game developer, or someone
who is interested in becoming an RPGMaker game developer, though. It's not really a
social server.


If you liked the writing/comedy of the game, you may want to try some of
the other games I've worked on here: https://gamejolt.com/@Lamone/games
Specifically, Farming Simulator 2018/2019 and Lunatics (I only did a
couple assets for Alex Has a Point).